boards: nordic: nRF54L15 DK: Update note (#80298)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/nordic/nrf54l15dk/doc/index.rst

********

.. note::

>    You can find more information about the nRF54L15 SoC on the `nRF54L15 website`_. 
>    ou can find the nRF54L15 technical documentation and other resources
>    (such as SoC Datasheet) on the `nRF54L15 documentation`_ page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can find more information about the nRF54L15 SoC on the `nRF54L15 website`_. 
   For the nRF54L15 technical documentation and other resources (such as SoC Datasheet), see the `nRF54L15 documentation`_ page.
```

************************************************

Test the nRF54L15 DK with a :zephyr:code-sample:`blinky` sample.

.. _nRF54L15 website:
 https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/nRF54L15

> .. _nRF54L15 documentation:
> https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _nRF54L15 documentation: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/index.html
```
